Add docs on self-hosted CSP (#934)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/self-hosted/csp.mdx

---
title: "Self-Hosted Content Security Policy (CSP)"
---

<Alert level="warning">
  This is an experimental feature. Use it with caution.
</Alert>

> Starting with Sentry `23.5.0`, it is possible to enable [CSP header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) on the self-hosted Sentry installation. The good news is that Sentry itself supports [CSP reports collection](https://docs.sentry.io/product/security-policy-reporting/). We recommend creating a separate Sentry project for CSP reports. To enable CSP and reports collection, you'll want to configure the following settings in `sentry.conf.py`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Sentry `23.5.0`, it is possible to enable [CSP header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) on self-hosted Sentry installations. The good news is that Sentry itself supports [CSP reports collection](https://docs.sentry.io/product/security-policy-reporting/). We recommend creating a separate Sentry project for CSP reports. To enable CSP and reports collection, you'll want to configure the following settings in `sentry.conf.py`:
```

> ```
> if "csp.middleware.CSPMiddleware" not in MIDDLEWARE:
>     MIDDLEWARE = ("csp.middleware.CSPMiddleware",) + MIDDLEWARE
> CSP_REPORT_URI = "https://your-sentry-url-prefix.com/api/{csp-project-id}/security/?sentry_key={sentry-key}"
> CSP_REPORT_ONLY = True
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
if "csp.middleware.CSPMiddleware" not in MIDDLEWARE:
    MIDDLEWARE = ("csp.middleware.CSPMiddleware",) + MIDDLEWARE
CSP_REPORT_URI = "https://your-sentry-url-prefix.com/api/{csp-project-id}/security/?sentry_key={sentry-key}"
CSP_REPORT_ONLY = True
```
```

We recommend starting with `CSP_REPORT_ONLY = True`. Once there are no violations under normal use, you can switch it to `CSP_REPORT_ONLY = False`. This will enforce CSP and all unwanted scripts/resources will be blocked.

> In case you need to allow custom sources, you can add extra CSP keywords. We support [django-csp](https://django-csp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html) syntax. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to allow custom sources, extra CSP keywords can be added. We support the [django-csp](https://django-csp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html) syntax. For example:
```
